[indistinct chatter]
I said to meet at the front
at the bench by the cacti.
I've been looking for
you for 20 minutes.
So sorry my cane couldn't find
the bench by the cacti.
Why are we here?
I told you,
we had to, uh...
we can't be
seen together.
I had to find a place
that's remote.
How's Chloe?
She's not out of the woods
just yet.
[sighs]
Before I tell you anything,
I need you to promise me
that we're gonna take down
the person who did this.
I'm not talking about
these low-level dudes
that deal it at parties.
I'm talking about the people
at the top, okay?
People that created
this stupid drug.
You hear me?
I promise.
Geez, there you are.
I thought we were meeting
by the cacti.Um...
Why is she here?
Darnell?
Sarah, what is going on?
You two are, um...
doing this together.
Are you serious?What?
♪ ♪
We are absolutely
not doing this together.
How could you not tell me?No.
Because I knew
you wouldn't come.Well, you would be right.
Wait, wait, hey, we're all here
for the same goal.
To take down
the Bolt operation.
MURPHY:
Why is he needed to do that?
We need someone
we can trust.
Okay, so get the guy who, uh,
turned on his own sister?Whoa...
You seriously want
to go there right now?Really good plan.
We're trying to keep it low,
okay, everybody simmer down.
Please.This is so stupid.
Yeah, actually,
I actually agree.
I was doing perfectly fine
working on my own.
Okay, well, Sarah told me
that they're stonewalling you
at Task Champ.
Sounds like you were doing
really well on your own.
Okay, look, my back
is against the wall.
If I don't make headway
by the end of the week,
I'm done.
Then Bolt runs wild.
[sighs]
So who's running things
in prison there, Murphy?
This girl.
Woman.
Paula Romano.
Paula Romano?
Isn't she the one
who just escaped?
Yeah.
You know where she's hiding out?
I can find out.
I'm so sorry,
but what is my role here?
Uh, I think
you're my babysitter.
No, hey, that's not it, okay?Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, excuse me, uh,
Sarah is afraid that I'm
gonna play double agent
so she needs
her boyfriend
to keep an eye on me.
So that's it?
I'm just here
to keep tabs on her?No.
Of course not.
You know this business.
You know how it works.
Plus, you already have an in.
I know it sucks,
but...
you guys are the perfect pair.
[grunts]
God.Can you not?
So,
how do we find this...
woman, Paula whatever?
Of course-- you have no idea.Yes, I do. I'll figure it out.
You overplayed your hand
to get a deal.I overplayed my hand
to find the person
that sold Chloe drugs.
'Cause I can't do that
from prison.
Since when did you start working
for the cops, anyway?
Since their M.O. is arresting
low-level dealers,
ruining their lives and never
getting to the people
actually running things.Okay.
So this is about your guilt
that Tyson died
and you got out unscathed.
And this is about your guilt
that you left Chloe
without a dad.
Well, at least somebody cared
to get even with Tyson's killer,
'cause you sure
as hell didn't.
Get out of my car!
You want me to get out...
Okay, cool, yeah,
I'll get out of your car
and then what are you gonna do,
just find Paula all by yourself?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Call from Felix.[phone vibrates]
Please tell me
your stupid friends
aren't in on this,
too, because...
They're not.
They don't even know
I'm doing this,
and I'm gonna keep it that way
'cause I'm trying
to keep them safe.
Oh, how very
noble of you.
But you don't get what
you're dealing with.
What do you mean, what...
What?
These people
that we're after.
Yes?They really don't
want to get caught.
Who does?
There's a code buyers
have to use to get the drugs.
They gave me a gun and said,
"Pull the trigger
if you're compromised."
They're willing
to kill half of Chicago
before being exposed.
Well, I'm not
involving anyone else.
[scoffs]
Let's go to the prison.
Why the prison?
Because, well,
one, I said so.
And two, because I know
Paula's number two.
'Cause you said so?Her name's Deb.
She trusts me.
She actually likes me.
[short laugh]
Nobody likes you.
[engine starts]
[birds chirping in distance]
MAX: Hey.
You sleep okay?
I can't.
I need you to go.
What?
Les, I thought
we were gonna...You thought we were what?
Gonna work it out.
Us.
This is no "us" anymore.
[exhales]
I should've never let you
in here last night.
I'm such a...
I'm such an idiot.Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, I-I really am.
I'm, I'm really...
really sorry,please.
Really, I'm really,
really sorry.
This is just...
Just go.
No, no, no, no, no. Please.
Just hang on here.
Don't touch me!
Hey!
Get out.
Les.
Please.
Here.
I'll help you.
Look, I messed up, okay?
I own that, I'm...
For the millionth time,
I'm sorry.
This whole thing...
you and me, it was fun, but...
we were kidding ourselves.
We come from two completely
different worlds.
It was never gonna work.
I mean, come on, look
at your life and look at mine.
[door opens]
17 calls!
Murphy screened 17 calls
because...
I cannot hear about Murphy
for another second!
You get out, too.
What?Both of you.
Get out of my house!
Uh, okay.
I-I see why you're kicking
him out, but what did I do?
Are you kidding me?
You blew up my entire life.
FELIX:
I think that's a bit unfair."Unfair"?
You want to talk about "unfair"?
I used to be
just a regular person.
I used to be...
I used to be a corporate lawyer.
And now I can't...
Just leave!
Now!
[door slams]
Where are we even
supposed to go?
I don't know.
This is so like her.
"Oh, come, live with me.
"We can be brother
and sister again.
"I miss you. Oh, wait.
"Your best friend had sex
with my boyfriend?
Bye!"
Sorry, are you okay?
You mean because your sister
just basically told me
I'm a useless
piece of garbage?
Yeah, just great.
Well...
you did what you did.
Whatever, she's right.
Hey, is Murphy really
not talking to you?
Yeah, why?
It's just weird.
She iced me out, too.She did?
Yeah, at first she was...
begging me to leave Lesley,
then after the trial,
she just changed her mind.
It didn't make any sense.Huh.
Something's up.
Yeah.
[shouts]
Get off my property!
Okay, psycho!
Let's get out of here.
We can...
park down the street.Hang on, I...
sort of need my shoe.
[music playing faintly
over stereo]
Please tell me this whole Murphy
C.I. thing was a good idea.
Hey.
You didn't have
any other choice.
You literally did
everything...
Oh. [shushing]
Josh is coming.
Remember he, uh...He can't find out
that we gave Murphy
a deal, I know, I know.
Yeah, okay, so let's
play it cool,
and I'll just give him
a dummy assignment.I got it. Yep.
Something to
distract him with.
Hey, buddy, um...
How you doing?
Terrible. I didn't sleep
at all last night.Mm-hmm.
I still can't believe
Murphy got a mistrial.
I mean, we have to
think of a way.
Dude, what-what you want me
to do about it?
I can't put her
back into prison.
Well, u-unless you,
unless you convict her
of another crime.
GENE:We went to her place, man.
There was nothing there.
We tried.
I'm sorry.
Hey, look, man,
th-this, this isn't
good for you
to obsess on this.
One foot in front
of the other, okay?
Hey, yo, Josh, hold on.
I got something for you.
I need something.
Here it is.
Here we go.
Yeah, there it is.
There was a murder on
North Wells a couple weeks ago.
No, I can stay on Bolt, mate.
I know how important it is.It's pointless, man.
We're in a standstill, okay?Yeah.
Better to work on something
that we can actually
solve, all right?
Sure.
FELIX:
Hey, Joy.
We just stopped by to see
Murphy, but no one was home.
Is she with you?
She's not answering her phone.
JOY:
Well, clearly
she doesn't want to see you
because she didn't even tell you
she isn't staying with us.
She's not?
Where is she staying?
Look, I don't want you
anywhere near my daughter.
Do you understand?
What?
Maybe you're the problem, Felix.
Her life was totally fine
until you bought Guiding Hope,
and suddenly she...
Oh, really?
You think all this happened
because I bought Guiding Hope?
That's...
That's the... Oh, you want
to open that up right now?
Stop.
I don't have time for this.
Just stay away from Murphy.
[line clicks]Wait, Joy--
[groans]
Good job.
If she's not there,
where the hell is she?
Like I know?
Let's just get some food.
Figure out
where the hell she is.
[engine revving]
[coughing]
She busted out--
that's all I know.
No idea how.
Literally just didn't come back
to her cell one night.
So you have no clue
where she is?
DEB:
No.
MURPHY:
Did she say
where she would go if...?
DEB:
Listen, can we just
get to it, please?
Get to what?
What's the
new way in?
What's the plan?
I kind of sort of need
some-some help.
Oh, no, I'm-I'm... I'm just...
I'm just looking for Paula.
There's no drop plan?
No, but...
if, I mean,
if we find her,
we can, we can
work something out.
You seriously don't have
anything on you?
Okay, well...
if you find Paula,
you just let her know
that I'm gonna kill that bitch!
[shouting indistinctly]
I need it!
I'm gonna kill her!
That was your big plan?
It went really well.
You enjoying this?No.
I am done listening
to you, though.
Look, I don't really think
you're allowed
to be done
listening to me.
Mm, I'm the one
driving, so...
Yeah, and I'm sure you have
some brilliant idea
of how you're gonna
find Paula, huh?
I'll go talk to Reggie
and see if I can get him
to tell me where Paula is.Oh. Reggie.
Yeah, 'cause yesterday he
wouldn't tell you anything.
But today he's
just gonna confess
all his thoughts
and feelings, huh?
Yesterday, I didn't
know we had
a prison supply problem.
So?
So I know how much money
they're losing
by not having an in.
I'll tell them I can
get it flowing again.
But I'll need
to talk to Paula
to get to know
the lay of the land.
Okay.
Like I said,
I'm done listening to you.
What did I say?
Oh, my...
Is this suitable
for your vehicle?
I'm just telling you to
put feet where feet go.
Oh, I'll show you
where my foot can go.
I don't know.
I'm telling you it's the
only thing that makes sense.
That Murphy's
selling drugs again?
Yeah, think about it.
She just had everyone
she's ever met
tell an entire jury
that she's the worst person
in the world
and deserves to rot in prison.
So she figures
she'll just be this person that
everyone already thinks she is.
You know how self-destructive
she can be.
Yeah.
Okay. We don't know
where she's living.
She's definitely
not answering her calls.
Wait. Whoa.
What about
those Task Champ guys?
What about the Task Champ guys?
At the cabin, I heard the cop
say that they were
the ones dealing, right?
Uh-huh.So if she wanted
to get back in,
maybe she'd go to them, I mean,
that's, that's what I would do.
Yeah.
Huh?
Maybe.
We can order
some pills from them.
See if the dealer knows her?It's worth a shot.
WAITRESS:
Here you go.
$16.92.
I think I have...
Five...
six, seven, eighty...
three.
How about you?
I have a ten.
That's it.
Perfect.
We are literally out of money.
Almost out of gas, which we
can't get more of, by the way,
because, like I said,
we are literally out of money.
Not literally.
We have 91 cents left.
And don't you think that
Murphy's life kind of supersedes
our financial situation, Max?
Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Wait here.
Dude,
I'm coming with you.
I could talk
to the guy.
You're not talking to anyone.
Oh, my God.
Stay.
Reggie here?
Mm, he's on a call.
I can wait.
Hmm.
[lock clicking repeatedly]
Okay.
Hello?
Is someone there?
I'll looking
for Task Champ.
By any chance...
did you just get out of jail?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I-I did.
I guess I won't be doing
any more trips
to the blind library.
The place was a trip.
Okay. Ah.
So you're, uh, you helped
with Operation...
Pride and Prejudice?Oh, yeah.
One of the strangest jobs
I've ever done,
I got to say.
[laughing]
Reggie?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Shouldn't you be
on a job?
Yeah, I just, um...
I heard you had a supply problem
with the prisons.
I know how much money you're
losing, and I can fix it.
[laughs]
♪ But I don't mind... ♪
We're good.
What-what do you mean
you're good?
I just think that if you
heard my plan, you would...
The dude who worked there
had no idea I was even there.
Like, he actually
couldn't see anything.
It is wild.
Um, listen.
Uh, it's Trevor, right?
Um, so...
Deb gave me something
important for Paula,
but she doesn't know
where Paula's staying.
That's why I came here.
Yeah, I'm sort of
the only person who does know.
Oh, is that right?
I do her dinner drops.
You do? Okay.
I can bring
whatever it is tomorrow.
Um...
it is a little time-sensitive.
Uh, and I'm-I'm supposed
to give it to her personally.
So do you think you could
just take me there?
Right now?
I guess you can't see where
you're going anyway, right?
[both laugh]Yeah.
Come on!
[sighs]
You like
buffalo wings?
Who doesn't?
Well, we could go
for some later.
Sure.
Where the hell are you going?
I told you to stay
in the car!
It's fine,
just go, go ahead.
Come on, man, this is a joke.Who's he?
I don't know, but
let's go. Go, go, go.
I thought you were alone.
I am alone.
I don't know who that is.
Murphy!Stop it.
Get out of the car, get!Darnell, stop it.
Darnell, stop it.Out!
Get out
of the car!
Um, just...
I'm serious. Get out now.
[tires screech]
Damn it! I lost him.
Doesn't even matter.
Even if we followed him,
he's not going back to Paula's.
He was only going back there
for me.
And you ruined it.Okay, I got it.
How often does
he go to Paula's?
I don't know.
I don't know his schedule.
He's, like, her food guy.
He goes once a day.
He brings her dinner.Her food guy.
Yes.Okay.
So then we'll go back
to Task Champ
first thing and then, you know,
we all have to go there in
the mornings to pick up product,
so then we'll follow him
until he gets to Paula's.
Yeah, that could take all day.
I could be there right now,
Darnell.
You mentioned that!
All right?
I'm sorry. I said I was sorry.
I don't accept your apology.
I don't accept
your apology.
I don't accept your apology.
That's him. That's him.
That's the dealer.
Hello.
You guys got a leaky faucet?
Where's your,
where's your place?
Actually, we were, uh...
we were kind of calling
about something else.
What?
Um...
Drugs.
[chuckles]
What?
Drugs?Come on, man.
Look, if you guys don't got
anything for me to fix,
I'm gonna go.
Wait, no, please,
we're, we're...
we're just trying
to find our friend.
Look, we know
what you do, okay?
And we think our friend might
be working with you guys.
She's a... she's a...
She's a handyman?
Look, come on, why don't we just
drop the act here, okay?
Or we can just
call the cops.
Your choice.
[gunshots][loud heavy metal music playing]
♪
Aah!
[both panting]
Maybe we should go
to Murphy's mom
and force her to tell us
where she's staying.
Go to Joy's?Yeah.
How? We have no gas.
And as brilliant
as your plan was
to see if they'll just give
us some at the gas station,
I don't think
it's gonna work.
Okay, well, we can
steal some from someone.
Here, let me look up
how to do it.
You want to
siphon gas now?
Yeah. How else are we
gonna get to Joy's?
We're not going to Joy's!
Felix, look around.
We have no food,
no money, we're
officially homeless,
and we almost just died, but,
yeah, let's siphon some gas
so we can force some
information out of Joy.
Idiot.
Well...
What do you suggest?
I suggest we find a place
to sleep tonight
that isn't the street.
Because we will
freeze to death.
Okay, well...
[chuckles]
this may come
as a shock to you,
but I don't really have
any other friends, so...
you're gonna have
to call someone for us.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
What?
I don't have anyone
I can call, either.
Okay?
[chuckles]
Oh.
[laughs]
This...
is rock bottom.
Oh, I love that this is
what you think rock bottom is.
Pardon?
You have a billionaire grandma
who would welcome you
into her mansion with open arms.
No way.
We have nowhere else
to go.
Fine, whatever.
Wow, you know...
really cool job having sex
with Murphy, by the way.
I mean, it's just perfect
on every level.
Hi, Gran?
It's me.
Can you send Randy to come
pick me up, please?
Usup. I'm with Max.
Thank you.
[both breathing hard]
There's hot tea for you.
Thanks.
I don't want her tea.
Seriously, we can just
crash on a couch or something.
Okay? We're just gonna be here
for, like, a couple hours.
Oh, nonsense. I'm putting
you in the Sapphire room
and Max in the
second master.
That was the room Lesley
always liked to sleep in.
Oh, uh, cool.
She kicked him out.
Oh, well, that's a shame.
Surely nothing
we can't mend.
Yeah, can you mend
boning someone else?
Oh, Felix, don't
be such a prude.
Boys will be boys
and all of that.
You know, why don't we talk
about this whole thing
over breakfast?Okay.
Max, I'll show you
to your room.
Thank you so much.
Mm-hmm.
♪
[exhales]
Oh, my God.
We've been waiting here
for hours.
How do we even know
he's gonna show up here today?
[sighs]
We don't.
But hopefully he does
before he heads
to Paula's.
Wow.
Rad plan.
You know what
your problem is?
No, Darnell,
please enlighten me.
Besides getting poppy seeds
all over my car,
you have no faith
in other people.
You want to do
everything yourself,
and then when it goes wrong,
it's someone else's fault, oh.
But this was your fault.
This is your fault.
Objectively speaking,
this is your fault.
And you'd be an imbecile
not to admit that.
Oh, whatever.
Wipe your hands.
It's not like you trust me
any more than I trust you.
You're right, I don't.
Okay.
He's here.
Just wait till he goes in,
and when he comes out,
we'll follow him.Oh, is that how it works?
Yeah, that's how it works.
Max, how's the
restaurant going?
The restaurant?
Don't you own
your own place?
No. No, no, I, uh...
I used to, um...
I used to have a food truck.
It actually did pretty well.Oh.
What happened?
Um...
A lot of stuff.
Well, actually just one...
person, um...
Anyway, I'm...
I'm sort of in between jobs
right now.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
You know what?
Do you remember
my friend,
Jimmy McKay?
Yeah, from, uh,
that benefit, right? Yeah.Yes!
He's looking for an assistant.
Oh.
You know, a personal aide.
It's not cooking, but...
Jimmy owns restaurants and
properties all over the city.
If you impressed him,
I'm sure he'd be
glad to help you out.
[chuckles]
[Felix laughs]
Do you have something to say?
Oh...
it's just...
transparent is all.
Care to elaborate?
Okay.
Max has the look
and gender of someone
you deem acceptable for Lesley,
and you're hoping a job
with Jimmy
is going to make her
forget that he cheated on her.
And so he won't be
broke anymore...
I beg your pardon.
And frankly,
I think it's pathetic.
You want to talk
about pathetic?
You've done nothing
with your life
except embarrass
this family.
Just like your father.
Men with delicate emotions
are bound for failure.
[sighs]
You okay?
Fine.
You're having whiskey
for breakfast.
I also had a muffin.
[chuckles]
[exhales]
Hmm.
You know, we've never
really talked about the fact
that we both have dead parents.
[scoffs]
What a cheery
conversation starter.
Well, after my mom died...
her mom, my grandma...
...she just kind of...
I don't know
if anyone can recover
after they bury their own child.
What's your point?
That it's kind of amazing
that your grandma
even gets out of bed
in the morning.
[chuckles]
Maybe you should try cutting her
a little bit of slack.
You're just saying that because
you don't want to feel guilty
for taking her up
on her job offer.
I mean, would that be so bad?
I have nothing left.
What about Murphy?
Look, I'm not saying my life
was great before her.
But it was a thousand times
better than it is now.
I had a life,
a business.
And now I have
literally 91 cents.
And I just keep getting
sucked back in
over and over and over again.
I'm tired of it.
And you should be, too.
And whatever she's doing,
she doesn't want us around.
Can't keep chasing someone
who doesn't want to be caught.
But maybe she does
want to be caught.
She just doesn't--Felix, come on.
What are you doing?
You're gonna throw away
what's left of your life?
Your relationship
with your sister? For what?
Murphy won't even call you back.
Do what you want.
But I'm gonna take that job.
And I'm gonna get
an actual paycheck.
And an apartment and just...
...be a real person.
♪
And maybe, like, uh...
...you know,
buy myself dinner and stuff.
And honestly, look, I...
I know you love Murphy.
But take it from me,
it's just...
That's maybe the most
I've ever heard you talk.
[both laughing]
Yeah, it must be the whiskey.
It's good, it's good.
It was my dad's favorite.
It seems like it's taking a lot
longer than his usual stop.
Maybe it's
an actual handyman job.
Some of them are.
Or maybe Paula's in there.
I just have
a gut feeling.
Oh, you have "a gut feeling"?
So then let's definitely
go in there.
So stupid.
I'll just find him on my own.
You're not gonna find--
No. I'm done listening to you.
Murphy, get--
Bye!
Hang on, just--
Just hang on.
Just give me your arm.
You're not allowed
to touch me!
Well...
There's no one here.
Let's go upstairs.
♪
There's a landing
right here.
Go right.
My God.
How many more flights?
One more flight. Just...God.
Okay. Okay, okay.
Easy, easy.Why are you following me?
We're not.I saw you tailing me.
I have to get that delivery
to Paula.
It's really important.
I talked to Paula yesterday.
She said she wasn't expecting
a delivery from you.
She doesn't know
it's coming.
It's coming from-from Deb,
in the prison.
Fine.
Deb has a burner.
I'll just call her and see.
MURPHY:
Can I talk to her?
I can explain.
Why don't you give me
the phone?
[both shouting]
[screams]
[body thuds]
♪
What did you do?
Why did you do that?
DARNELL:I don't know.
I was just
trying to grab his gun
so he wouldn't shoot us.
I could have
talked him down.
I could, I could...
We got to go now.
Oh, my God.
Hang on, his phone--
this could be useful.
Come on, let's go.Oh, God.
[Murphy gasping]
[Murphy panting]
[Murphy grunts, gasps]
DARNELL:
Hang on a sec.
We're in business.
Come on, let's go.
Come on!
We got to get
out of here.
Come on.
Five steps, come on!Oh, my God!
One, two, three...Come on.
I can't run!
I'm gonna fall!
You got it.
Darnell!
Okay, okay, I got you.
Right here, right here.
In, in, in. There.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
It's okay.
It's not okay!
When they find out about this...
Who? Who's gonna find out?Gene!
And your little girlfriend.
We're done!
All this was for nothing.
We know it was an accident,
but who's gonna believe that?
Murphy, it is okay, all right?Nobody's gonna believe that.
No one's ever gonna know.
What?
Well, are you gonna
say anything?
No.
Neither am I.
You're not even
gonna tell Sarah?
No.
Not even Sarah.
I don't see Lesley's car.
Guess she's not home, but I know
where her spare key is, so...
Hopefully, she believes me when
I say I'm done chasing Murphy.
She will eventually.
[exhales]
I got to say,
I'm gonna be a little...
lone-- uh...
lonely.
You know,
without Murphy.
Um...
Uh...
Like I said, I, uh...
don't really have
any other friends, so...
...maybe we can hang?
[chuckles]
Yeah, sure.
Cool.
You better get going.
You'll be late
for drinks
with your new boss.
Yeah, yeah.Don't worry.
I won't tell my sister
you're staying at our grandma's.
She'll blow it for you.I will get an apartment
as soon as I get
my first paycheck. Don't worry.
Okay, okay, nice.
Well...
Oh, sorry.
Uh, no, we can... Oh.Oh...
Hey, whatever, yeah.
Thumb war.[both laugh]
That's it right there.Nice.
No, but, um...Yeah.
Seriously?
Yeah.
[door closes]
MURPHY:
Just scroll through his texts.
There's got to be
a conversation that he had
between-between him and the boss
of this whole thing.
No, the only contact
in here is Paula.
Well, that-that's
at least...
good, right?
We can use that.
I can't exactly call her
from a dead guy's phone
and ask her
where she is.
Wait, hang on.
What is it?
The GPS history shows that
he only went to this one
apartment building,
like, every night.
Okay.
Well, that's got to be
where Paula is, right?
Yeah, I'm gonna
call Sarah.
Wait, don't, don't.
Why?
Because if they go in
and arrest her,
what if,
what if she doesn't flip?
And we both know
she's not running this thing,
and then that means whoever is
keeps doing what they're doing.
Then we're back exactly
where we started.
So what are you suggesting?
I-I... I know I can get her
to trust me.
I think I should
go in there alone.
I'll eventually find out
who the boss is.
How are you gonna tell her
you found her?
I don't know.
I'll figure it out. Okay?
All right, to get
by the doorman,
I'll say we're
bringing her dinner.
Okay, good idea.
Yeah, you, too.
[knocking]GENE: Hey.
It's late. You want to get
a drink or something?
No, man, I'm pretty wiped.
Nothing pinged on this guy's
financials, by the way.
But it feels good
to be working
on something else,
though, huh?
Yeah. Yeah, you just got to put
one foot in front of the other.
[chuckles]
One foot in front
of the other, that's right.
[chuckles] I'm wise.
All right, well,
get some rest.
Thanks, mate. You, too.
All right.
[exhales]
♪
Chelsea?
Hi. This is Josh Wallace
from CPD.
Yeah. Listen.
I want to talk to you
about your testimony
at Murphy Mason's trial.
RANDY:Mr. McKay's waiting
for you at The Drake.
We're five
minutes away.
Thank you.
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
JOY:
It's Joy, Murphy's mom.
Have you heard from her?
Um...
No.
Oh, my God. I tried Felix,
and he's not answering.
She told me she got a job
at Fresh Spot.
I went there.
They've never even heard of her.
And then I went to the motel
she is supposedly staying at.
She wasn't there, either.
Uh...
Wait, what-what motel?
The White Oak Inn.
You don't even know
where she's staying?
Oh, my God.
I thought she would tell you.
Please let me know
if you hear from her.
Yeah, of course.
Randy?
["Ruler of My Heart"
by Irma Thomas playing]
♪ Ruler of my heart ♪
Can you actually take me
to the White Oak Inn?
♪ Robber of my soul ♪
♪ Where can you be? [knocking]
Murphy?[Pretzel barks]
♪ I wait patiently ♪
♪ My heart cries out
♪ Pain inside ♪
[exhales]
♪ Where can you be... [Pretzel whimpers]
I know, boy.
It's just me.
♪ When you're alone... ♪
I know, I know.
She'll be back soon.
I'm here.
♪ Come back, come back,
come back ♪
♪ I've had enough. ♪
Hi, there. Uh, my associate's
been stopping by
to drop off food for a woman
living in the building.
Oh, yeah, Trevor. Nice guy.
BOTH:
The best.
Uh, he's not feeling so well,
so we're filling in for him.Hmm.
No problem. I can let you up.Thank you.
Thank you. Uh, what's that
apartment number again?
2601.
Thank you.
[buzzer sounds, lock clicks]
♪
Right in front of you.
Text me when you're done.
I'll be right outside.
Hey, thank you.
Yeah.
Okay. Hi, Paula.
It's Murphy.
Hi. It's Murphy from prison.
Hi, Paula.
Oh, my God.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org